AGENT KIM: REBOOT[cite: 1]
EPISODE 1[cite: 1]
Are you kidding me?[cite: 1]
Move your car! You're blocking the way![cite: 1]
Oh my god.[cite: 1]
Geez, if you're in a hurry, just walk.[cite: 1]
I'm so hungry. When is the food coming?[cite: 1]
I know. It's taking forever.[cite: 1]
Can we get our food first?[cite: 1]
You're drunk![cite: 1]
What is that?[cite: 1]
Damn it. What the hell?[cite: 1]
Hey, you. Come here.[cite: 1]
Shit, it's broken.[cite: 1]
Fucking hell. Get over here.[cite: 1]
Hey, I said come here![cite: 1]
Where do you think you're going?[cite: 1]
Hey![cite: 1]
Who do you think you are?[cite: 1]
Trying to pull an insurance scam or what?[cite: 1]
When you bump into someone else's car,[cite: 1]
you're supposed to get on your knees
and beg for forgiveness.[cite: 1]
This whole thing needs to be replaced.[cite: 1]
Who knows how much this will cost.[cite: 1]
I think my arm is fine,[cite: 1]
so you can just go.[cite: 1]
Hey, I can't believe this guy.[cite: 1]
I'm really fine, you can leave.[cite: 1]
Are you being serious right now?[cite: 1]
Are you out of your mind?[cite: 1]
Do you have a death wish?[cite: 1]
What?[cite: 1]
What are you looking at?[cite: 1]
I'm sorry.[cite: 1]
I'm truly sorry.[cite: 1]
It's too late for that.[cite: 1]
Try saying it again.[cite: 1]
Come on, let's go. It's late.[cite: 1]
Let's go.[cite: 1]
Just go, then.[cite: 1]
I accept your apology.[cite: 1]
Let's call it even with this.[cite: 1]
Wow, have you been working out lately?[cite: 1]
- Hell of a punch.[cite: 1]
- Is he dead?[cite: 1]
- Should we get him a blanket?[cite: 1]
- Damn it![cite: 1]
AGENT KIM: REBOOT[cite: 1]
Good morning![cite: 1]
Looks like you missed a button.[cite: 1]
- No, I didn't.[cite: 1]
- Are you sure?[cite: 1]
Let me brush that dust off for you.[cite: 1]
No, it's fine.[cite: 1]
- Let me get that.[cite: 1]
- Thank you.[cite: 1]
WHEN YOUR CHILD REACHES ADOLESCENCE[cite: 1]
KIM MIN JI[cite: 1]
AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY[cite: 1]
Min Ji, wake up.[cite: 1]
NO ENTRY. YOU ENTER, YOU DIE![cite: 1]
Min Ji.[cite: 1]
Kim Min Ji, you're going to be late for school![cite: 1]
- It's time to...[cite: 1]
- Stop talking about breakfast![cite: 1]
No one is going to yell at you
if I skip breakfast![cite: 1]
Stop laughing![cite: 1]
You're a student,[cite: 1]
you need to eat a proper meal
before going to school.[cite: 1]
Kim Min Ji![cite: 1]
SCHOOL NOTICE[cite: 1]
EMERGENCY CONTACT FORM[cite: 1]
MOTHER: X[cite: 1]
SIBLINGS: X[cite: 1]
Hey, Min Ji.[cite: 1]
I need the name of a close friend[cite: 1]
and their phone number.[cite: 1]
Kim Min Ji![cite: 1]
Kang Hye Ryeong.[cite: 1]
The number is 010-0610-6003.[cite: 1]
I filled out the form. Have something to eat.[cite: 1]
I'm late.[cite: 1]
- Your report card...[cite: 1]
- Don't look at it![cite: 1]
- 8th place? How did this happen?[cite: 1]
- The higher the rank, the better.[cite: 1]
- Right?[cite: 1]
- The rules changed.[cite: 1]
I told you before.[cite: 1]
- Don't study too hard.[cite: 1]
- Yeah.[cite: 1]
Kang...[cite: 1]
Hye...[cite: 1]
Ryeong.[cite: 1]
LAUNDROMAT[cite: 1]
Min Ji![cite: 1]
- Hello, sir.[cite: 1]
- Hey.[cite: 1]
How is your dad doing?[cite: 1]
- What do you mean?[cite: 1]
- Well, those thugs...[cite: 1]
Never mind.[cite: 1]
By the way, why don't you get your uniform altered?[cite: 1]
I'm an expert at alterations, you know.[cite: 1]
No thanks. I don't know
when I'll have to transfer schools again.[cite: 1]
The bus is here.[cite: 1]
What?[cite: 1]
Have a good day.[cite: 1]
Goodness, her uniform
is always ironed so perfectly.[cite: 1]
Mr. Kim![cite: 1]
Are you okay?[cite: 1]
You look fine.[cite: 1]
I saw those thugs messing with you the other night.[cite: 1]
I'm sorry I didn't step in.[cite: 1]
I'm a bit of a coward.[cite: 1]
I would have done the same in your shoes.[cite: 1]
Oh man, Mr. Kim.[cite: 1]
You really should iron
your suit.[cite: 1]
That's what laundromats are for.[cite: 1]
Come on, you live right above
a laundromat.[cite: 1]
That hurts my pride.[cite: 1]
I'll bring it down next time.[cite: 1]
I can iron it for you
in a flash. Come on in.[cite: 1]
- Let's go.[cite: 1]
- I have to catch my bus.[cite: 1]
Let me iron that for you first.[cite: 1]
Hold on.[cite: 1]
Mr. Kim.[cite: 1]
Mr. Kim![cite: 1]
Geez. Like father, like daughter.[cite: 1]
They are exactly the same.[cite: 1]
My sales pitch
doesn't work on them.[cite: 1]
Wait![cite: 1]
Thank you.[cite: 1]
Excuse me, coming through.[cite: 1]
Stop pushing![cite: 1]
You guys are going to get hurt.[cite: 1]
SCHOOL VIOLENCE[cite: 1]
DON'T IGNORE IT, PROTECT THE VICTIMS![cite: 1]
- Did you have breakfast?[cite: 1]
- Yes, sir.[cite: 1]
- Good morning, sir.[cite: 1]
- Good morning.[cite: 1]
- This is how you bow.[cite: 1]
- That's right.[cite: 1]
SANGSAENG SAVINGS BANK[cite: 1]
Morning, Manager Kim. You're always the first one here.[cite: 1]
Good morning.[cite: 1]
SAVINGS BANK[cite: 1]
LOAN REGISTRATION & COUNSELING SUPPORT[cite: 1]
Customer number 155, please.[cite: 1]
CORPORATE CARD EXPENSES[cite: 1]
SEOREUNG COMPANY / CHINESE FOOD[cite: 1]
REQUESTER: KANG HAK SU[cite: 1]
DEPARTMENT: TREASURY[cite: 1]
LEAVE HISTORY[cite: 1]
I was reviewing your expense report and...[cite: 1]
Sir.[cite: 1]
What is it?[cite: 1]
These are the corporate card
expenses.[cite: 1]
You charged 95,000 won for Chinese food
last Wednesday.[cite: 1]
So?[cite: 1]
You took the day off
for your wedding anniversary that day.[cite: 1]
The receipt is also missing,
so maybe there was a mistake?[cite: 1]
Hey Kim, do you eat a lot of fish
for your brain?[cite: 1]
Excuse me?[cite: 1]
Why is your memory so good?[cite: 1]
I do try to eat a lot of fish.
I especially like mackerel.[cite: 1]
Cut down on the mackerel and saury,[cite: 1]
and learn to bend the rules instead.[cite: 1]
You need to be more flexible.[cite: 1]
Just put it down as
corporate entertainment expenses.[cite: 1]
Yes, sir.[cite: 1]
I will list it as
corporate entertainment expenses.[cite: 1]
Thank you so much
for remembering my wedding anniversary.[cite: 1]
You're welcome.[cite: 1]
Jeez, he's such a pain.[cite: 1]
PLEASE PROCEED TO THE NEXT COUNTER[cite: 1]
Let's call it even with this.[cite: 1]
SELF-DEFENSE TOOLS[cite: 1]
Do I really have to pre-order and wait in a long line
just to buy some desserts?[cite: 1]
What time does it start?[cite: 1]
- Mr. Kim.[cite: 1]
- Oh my, you startled me![cite: 1]
What is it, Sang A?[cite: 1]
Is something wrong?
Why are you looking at self-defense tools?[cite: 1]
Oh, it's nothing.[cite: 1]
Wait, are you planning to use that at night...[cite: 1]
to take care of Manager Kang?[cite: 1]
Manager Kang?[cite: 1]
Of course not.[cite: 1]
It's not that.[cite: 1]
My neighborhood hasn't felt very safe lately.[cite: 1]
Hey, Sang A.[cite: 1]
Does this look useful to you?[cite: 1]
It's easy to carry and looks effective.[cite: 1]
Are you buying it for yourself?[cite: 1]
It's meant for women.[cite: 1]
Min Ji's birthday is coming up.[cite: 1]
Oh, it's your daughter's birthday.[cite: 1]
How old is she?[cite: 1]
She's a junior in high school.[cite: 1]
A self-defense tool for a high school girl...[cite: 1]
Why don't you just ask her
what she wants?[cite: 1]
I'd love to,[cite: 1]
but lately
she won't even talk to me.[cite: 1]
She keeps avoiding me.[cite: 1]
It seems she's going through a late rebellious phase.[cite: 1]
Don't worry too much.
Every kid goes through that at her age.[cite: 1]
Maybe things would be better
if her mom were here.[cite: 1]
I'll help you pick out a gift.[cite: 1]
- Really?[cite: 1]
- I'm heading to the department store anyway.[cite: 1]
Let's go together after work.[cite: 1]
No, you don't have to...[cite: 1]
We'll leave at exactly six o'clock.[cite: 1]
Hey, Kim Min Ji.[cite: 1]
Min Ji.[cite: 1]
Let me borrow your PE uniform.[cite: 1]
Hye Ryeong, you didn't even return it last time,
I had to look all over for you.[cite: 1]
Come on, we're friends.
I'm begging you.[cite: 1]
What's this?[cite: 1]
Thanks. I'll return it right away.[cite: 1]
Geez, wash your clothes.[cite: 1]
Hey, Ju Hye Ri, what is that?[cite: 1]
My dad bought it on his business trip.[cite: 1]
It's so pretty.[cite: 1]
- I've never seen this model from that brand before.[cite: 1]
- Me neither.[cite: 1]
It's not sold in Korea.[cite: 1]
It's a limited edition.[cite: 1]
Mine is just a cheap brand.[cite: 1]
- I'm so jealous of you, Hye Ri.[cite: 1]
- Yeah, yours looks really cheap.[cite: 1]
Is that so?[cite: 1]
- How much was that?[cite: 1]
- 5,000 won.[cite: 1]
What's her problem?[cite: 1]
Is she crazy?[cite: 1]
Just ignore her.[cite: 1]
Let her be.[cite: 1]
You'll end up smelling like a widower old man.[cite: 1]
Hey, there's Kim Nam Hoon.[cite: 1]
He doesn't even try to hide
that he's here to see Hye Ri anymore.[cite: 1]
Hye Ri, do you have a minute?[cite: 1]
Hey, buddy.[cite: 1]
GIRLS[cite: 1]
Hey, what flavor is that?[cite: 1]
Grape.[cite: 1]
- Can I try it?[cite: 1]
- No.[cite: 1]
- Just one puff.[cite: 1]
- Smoke your own.[cite: 1]
Fine.[cite: 1]
- Just one more drag.[cite: 1]
- No.[cite: 1]
- Let's trade.[cite: 1]
- Come on, just for today.[cite: 1]
- I said I don't want to![cite: 1]
Hey.[cite: 1]
Damn it, it smells like a widower old man in here.[cite: 1]
The smell of cigarettes on you
is even more disgusting.[cite: 1]
What did you just say?[cite: 1]
I'm asking you.[cite: 1]
Don't look at me like that.[cite: 1]
I told you not to look at me like that![cite: 1]
Hey![cite: 1]
That's enough.[cite: 1]
Stop picking fights
with that pathetic loser.[cite: 1]
Why am I pathetic?[cite: 1]
I mean, look at yourself.[cite: 1]
You're incredibly pathetic.[cite: 1]
SANGSAENG SAVINGS BANK[cite: 1]
Mr. Kim![cite: 1]
- Hey Sang A.[cite: 1]
- Let's go buy a present for your daughter.[cite: 1]
Were you being serious earlier?[cite: 1]
Are you really asking? I'm hurt.[cite: 1]
I mean, are you sure?
I don't want to bother you.[cite: 1]
If you don't want to, it's fine.[cite: 1]
Goodbye then.[cite: 1]
Sang A![cite: 1]
Wait.[cite: 1]
Sang A.[cite: 1]
It's over there.[cite: 1]
PRE-ORDER PICKUP[cite: 1]
- What the hell is this?[cite: 1]
- Mr. Kim.[cite: 1]
What's this?[cite: 1]
- Give me your credit card.[cite: 1]
- Mine?[cite: 1]
It will take longer if we go together.[cite: 1]
You just wait in line here
while I go buy a gift for your daughter.[cite: 1]
It's a win-win situation.[cite: 1]
I sent you a screenshot
of my pre-order,[cite: 1]
so when it's your turn, just pick up the item.[cite: 1]
Screenshot?[cite: 1]
Wait a minute.[cite: 1]
My phone
can't view images.[cite: 1]
How many zeros are there?[cite: 1]
What? 500,000 won?[cite: 1]
Next person, please.[cite: 1]
Oh, yes.[cite: 1]
I need to confirm a pre-order.[cite: 1]
It's under the name Jung Sang A.[cite: 1]
Not the name.
I need to see the Order Number.[cite: 1]
What's an Order Number?[cite: 1]
Unconfirmed pre-orders
must move to the walk-in line.[cite: 1]
WALK-INS[cite: 1]
But she said she pre-ordered...[cite: 1]
- Next person, please.[cite: 1]
- Oh man, come on.[cite: 1]
Here.[cite: 1]
Yes, ma'am, you're all set.[cite: 1]
Thank you.[cite: 1]
Come on, Mr. Kim.
It's your daughter's birthday today.[cite: 1]
I'm sorry, but I'd like a refund.[cite: 1]
Please wait a moment.[cite: 1]
I always stay up-to-date
with the current trends, you know.[cite: 1]
This is the hottest trend these days.
Just trust me and buy it.[cite: 1]
My daughter is in high school.[cite: 1]
It makes no sense for a high schooler
to wear a 500,000 won T-shirt.[cite: 1]
- Please help me get a refund.[cite: 1]
- Yes, it is expensive.[cite: 1]
But this is a secret weapon
to help her get through her rebellious phase.[cite: 1]
Imagine the worst-case scenario.[cite: 1]
"Worst-case"?[cite: 1]
"As a dad, what have you ever done for me?"[cite: 1]
If she says that, your relationship
is over right then and there.[cite: 1]
You have to do something really big
to prepare for the worst-case scenario[cite: 1]
and hit her back with a badass line.[cite: 1]
"I bought you
a 500,000 won T-shirt!"[cite: 1]
Something like that.[cite: 1]
This is really popular with kids these days.[cite: 1]
She'll think: "My old-fashioned dad
is actually pretty cool."[cite: 1]
I bet she'll see you differently.[cite: 1]
Min Ji, I'm home.[cite: 1]
Since when have you been home?[cite: 1]
What are you doing?[cite: 1]
Kim Min Ji.[cite: 1]
I'm talking to you.[cite: 1]
From now on, don't
wash your clothes with mine.[cite: 1]
It makes my clothes smell like an old man.[cite: 1]
Alright.[cite: 1]
Then from now on,[cite: 1]
you wash your own clothes.[cite: 1]
TAGGED[cite: 1]
KIM NAM HOON[cite: 1]
Wait, how can I unlike this?[cite: 1]
Who are you?[cite: 1]
Oh, geez.[cite: 1]
Dad.[cite: 1]
Go to your room and sleep.[cite: 1]
What is it, Min Ji?[cite: 1]
I said go to your room and sleep.[cite: 1]
Right.[cite: 1]
Dad.[cite: 1]
Yeah?[cite: 1]
About what I said earlier...[cite: 1]
You forgot to wash the dishes.[cite: 1]
I can wash them tomorrow morning.[cite: 1]
Just go to sleep.[cite: 1]
Yeah. You should go to sleep too.[cite: 1]
Good morning![cite: 1]
Looks like you missed a button.[cite: 1]
Are you sure you're okay?[cite: 1]
DOWON LAUNDROMAT[cite: 1]
What's up with her?[cite: 1]
Alright, then...[cite: 1]
I'll make Min Ji's favorite dish.[cite: 1]
Soy sauce egg rice.[cite: 1]
- Hey![cite: 1]
- I need my PE uniform.[cite: 1]
Did you see her face just now?[cite: 1]
- Hye Ryeong, wake up.[cite: 1]
- What?[cite: 1]
I have PE next period. Where's my uniform?[cite: 1]
I already returned it to you.[cite: 1]
When? I haven't gotten it.[cite: 1]
I put it on your desk.[cite: 1]
Hurry up.[cite: 1]
Hey, Min Ji.[cite: 1]
Check the trash can.[cite: 1]
KIM MIN JI[cite: 1]
Did you see her face just now?[cite: 1]
I just played volleyball,
so it might smell like sweat.[cite: 1]
What?[cite: 1]
A five-on-five match
starts in ten minutes![cite: 1]
The losing team gets cleaning duty for a month.[cite: 1]
Min Ji.[cite: 1]
Kim Min Ji, come here.[cite: 1]
Why are you only wearing half
of your PE uniform?[cite: 1]
Planning to play basketball in a skirt?[cite: 1]
- I forgot them, sir.[cite: 1]
- "Kim Nam Hoon"?[cite: 1]
Didn't Nam Hoon lend you pants?[cite: 1]
Now, double punch combination! One![cite: 1]
- Taekwon![cite: 1]
Two![cite: 1]
Now, triple punch combination! One![cite: 1]
- Taekwondo![cite: 1]
Two![cite: 1]
Return to ready stance![cite: 1]
Kicking stance, ready![cite: 1]
One![cite: 1]
Two![cite: 1]
Keep your spirit strong![cite: 1]
Great job![cite: 1]
Correct footwork! Great.[cite: 1]
Correct posture![cite: 1]
Correct...[cite: 1]
Whatever![cite: 1]
I wasn't done talking.[cite: 1]
That's it for today.[cite: 1]
Let's go play![cite: 1]
Let's go.[cite: 1]
It's okay.[cite: 1]
Oh my god.[cite: 1]
I can't tell if this is a
Taekwondo dojang or a daycare center anymore.[cite: 1]
Jin Cheol, why are you...[cite: 1]
Jeez, Jin Cheol. What's wrong with you?[cite: 1]
Jin Cheol![cite: 1]
Hey.[cite: 1]
Who asked him to help?[cite: 1]
No one asked him.[cite: 1]
Let's cross the street![cite: 1]
Come on, kids. Let's cross the street![cite: 1]
- You can go.[cite: 1]
- Slowly.[cite: 1]
Let's cross, kids![cite: 1]
I said go ahead and cross![cite: 1]
Just go. What's the matter?[cite: 1]
Why aren't you crossing?[cite: 1]
- Mom, I'm scared![cite: 1]
- Are you scared of the cars?[cite: 1]
Oh dear, let me help you.[cite: 1]
- Let's go.[cite: 1]
- Let's go![cite: 1]
Alright.[cite: 1]
Oh my![cite: 1]
Oh my god, sir![cite: 1]
Where are you going?[cite: 1]
Over there?[cite: 1]
I understand! Alright.[cite: 1]
- Let's go![cite: 1]
- Hold on a second![cite: 1]
- Is he trying to steal the car?[cite: 1]
- Probably not. He's just helping out.[cite: 1]
Wait for me![cite: 1]
Let's go![cite: 1]
Where is he going?[cite: 1]
Isn't it great
to be needed by others
and to help them?[cite: 1]
In these dark and difficult times,[cite: 1]
I will be a positive force
and a guiding light.[cite: 1]
You did a good job today, Park Jin Cheol.[cite: 1]
ROK MARINE CORPS[cite: 1]
VETERANS ASSOCIATION[cite: 1]
Copy that. Commencing operation.[cite: 1]
Unit 911, fall back. I'll take the lead.[cite: 1]
Throwing grenade.[cite: 1]
Get out of the way. That's right![cite: 1]
Get out of the way now. Exactly.[cite: 1]
Do it like the Marines!
Throw the grenade! Fall back now![cite: 1]
A bomb![cite: 1]
ORIGINAL TAEKWONDO[cite: 1]
Fall back! Fall back now![cite: 1]
Don't go out! Step aside![cite: 1]
Hey! Didn't you hear what I just said?[cite: 1]
Catch them![cite: 1]
Let me do it![cite: 1]
Oh, damn it.[cite: 1]
Wait a minute.[cite: 1]
Do you hear that?[cite: 1]
Move quietly.[cite: 1]
What was that noise? It's a bomb. A bomb![cite: 1]
Hey.[cite: 1]
Were you in here?[cite: 1]
Mission failed.[cite: 1]
Man, I just kicked a door open,
and now my leg hurts like crazy.[cite: 1]
Ouch, it hurts so much.[cite: 1]
What are you looking at?[cite: 1]
Why don't you greet your senior?[cite: 1]
This crazy punk...[cite: 1]
Don't you know how to knock?[cite: 1]
Why did you kick my office door
like a mule?[cite: 1]
Where is my doorknob?[cite: 1]
I knocked on the door, 12 times.[cite: 1]
You were playing games so you couldn't hear.[cite: 1]
A Taekwondo master like you
should behave properly.[cite: 1]
Goodness![cite: 1]
Everyone, gather around.[cite: 1]
Are you a kid?[cite: 1]
This match is really important, you know?[cite: 1]
Do you want to end up like that door?[cite: 1]
Mr. Kim should be getting off work soon.[cite: 1]
Leave now, before I break it.[cite: 1]
What does him getting off work have to do with me?[cite: 1]
This is the only day all year
our group gets together![cite: 1]
Is it today?[cite: 1]
Seriously, is it today?[cite: 1]
Oh my god.[cite: 1]
I must be getting old.[cite: 1]
I completely forgot.[cite: 1]
Let's go.
Let's see how old he's gotten.[cite: 1]
Good lord.[cite: 1]
Hey, what are you going to do with this?[cite: 1]
Huh?[cite: 1]
Just plug it back in.[cite: 1]
"Just plug it back in"?[cite: 1]
Can you really just plug it in?[cite: 1]
Alright.[cite: 1]
It's ice cold. Drink up.[cite: 1]
Yeah, pour me a shot of soju.[cite: 1]
Here.[cite: 1]
That white Taekwondo uniform
is really bothering my eyes.[cite: 1]
It's embarrassing. Go sit over there by yourself.[cite: 1]
I dropped the kids off and came straight here.[cite: 1]
Don't flip the meat yet.[cite: 1]
Look who's talking. Look at yourself.[cite: 1]
Planning to go on a mission right after eating?[cite: 1]
What's wrong with this outfit? Are you embarrassed?[cite: 1]
Between the two of us,
who looks more ridiculous?[cite: 1]
I can just take off my jacket
and I'll be fine.[cite: 1]
Wow.[cite: 1]
Look, it's Da Bin. Say hi.[cite: 1]
- Hi.[cite: 1]
- Hello.[cite: 1]
I wear this shirt because I miss my daughter.[cite: 1]
She's always traveling around,[cite: 1]
so I rarely get to see her.[cite: 1]
But if I look in the mirror, I can say:[cite: 1]
"Hey, look who's here.
It's my daughter, Da Bin![cite: 1]
It's me, dad, so nice to see you.[cite: 1]
So, are you coming home today?"[cite: 1]
Da Bin seems embarrassed of you.[cite: 1]
She can't even lift her head.[cite: 1]
Let me help her.[cite: 1]
Hey.[cite: 1]
You remind me of that door.[cite: 1]
Need me to teach you a lesson?[cite: 1]
The meat is burning.[cite: 1]
You're ridiculous.[cite: 1]
No answer or anything.
He just walked right past.[cite: 1]
- Really?[cite: 1]
- Here.[cite: 1]
- Alright.[cite: 1]
- Let's drink.[cite: 1]
- Cheers.[cite: 1]
I wonder who Tae Hun takes after
to be so rude.[cite: 1]
- You.[cite: 1]
Right, I am rude.[cite: 1]
The alcohol tastes really bitter tonight.[cite: 1]
But you know what?[cite: 1]
Raising Da Bin is my reason for living.[cite: 1]
You guys know, I might not be as strong[cite: 1]
and successful as I used to be,[cite: 1]
but I'm satisfied with the present.[cite: 1]
- This guy.[cite: 1]
- But I have to say,[cite: 1]
Da Bin is growing up too fast.[cite: 1]
She used to be
such a cute little kid,[cite: 1]
but now that she's in high school,
she won't listen to me.[cite: 1]
Soon enough, she'll meet someone[cite: 1]
and get married, right?[cite: 1]
And we'll just grow further apart,
right?[cite: 1]
Just...[cite: 1]
Just thinking about it breaks my heart.[cite: 1]
Oh, Da Bin.[cite: 1]
Please don't ever leave me.[cite: 1]
You're not a sucker for your daughter.
You're just a fool.[cite: 1]
I should get going.[cite: 1]
- You're leaving already?[cite: 1]
- Already?[cite: 1]
Min Ji is home alone.[cite: 1]
Hey, she probably wouldn't even like it
if you went home early anyway.[cite: 1]
Have a few more drinks before you go.[cite: 1]
- What's this?[cite: 1]
- Take it back for the kids.[cite: 1]
- Oh man, come on.[cite: 1]
- You're too polite.[cite: 1]
- Hey, wait.[cite: 1]
- Hold on a second.[cite: 1]
Sit down for a bit. Just two more minutes.[cite: 1]
Don't be so cold.[cite: 1]
You don't have to do that.[cite: 1]
Here, Da Bin.
Uncle is giving you some allowance.[cite: 1]
- Listen, Kim.[cite: 1]
- You should thank him.[cite: 1]
We should meet up
more often, okay?[cite: 1]
Seriously,
once a year? That's ridiculous.[cite: 1]
If we only meet once a year,[cite: 1]
- we only have about 35 more times left.[cite: 1]
- That's right.[cite: 1]
I understand your decision
after your wife passed away,[cite: 1]
but you need to live your own life too.[cite: 1]
When will you stop making your daughter
the sole purpose of your life?[cite: 1]
- Min Ji is all grown up now.[cite: 1]
- He's right.[cite: 1]
She'll get a boyfriend soon.[cite: 1]
She's still a child.[cite: 1]
The more you overprotect your kids,[cite: 1]
the more suffocated they feel.[cite: 1]
Stop being so annoying![cite: 1]
Come on, can't we
just eat in peace?[cite: 1]
That guy is really getting on my nerves![cite: 1]
- Can you put that cigarette out?[cite: 1]
- Why?[cite: 1]
This is a rooftop! Why should I put it out?[cite: 1]
There are other customers here too.[cite: 1]
What customers? Where?[cite: 1]
Who?[cite: 1]
- Stop staring.[cite: 1]
- Looking at what?[cite: 1]
What? Are you mad?[cite: 1]
He must be really pissed off.[cite: 1]
What?[cite: 1]
Don't. This has
nothing to do with us.[cite: 1]
We are just middle-aged men who put up with injustice.[cite: 1]
We aren't young anymore.[cite: 1]
We're just middle-aged men with glasses.[cite: 1]
Right?[cite: 1]
The bill is paid, let's go.[cite: 1]
Let's go.[cite: 1]
Stand up.[cite: 1]
Hey, grunt! Where are you going?[cite: 1]
- That's enough.[cite: 1]
- Let go of me.[cite: 1]
Going to scrub the slop buckets?[cite: 1]
Jin Cheol. You remember, right?[cite: 1]
Yeah.[cite: 1]
We're just middle-aged men with glasses.[cite: 1]
What? Are you scared?[cite: 1]
You were glaring at me the whole time earlier.[cite: 1]
Get over here, you bastard![cite: 1]
Hey grunt.
Why don't you do some exercises?[cite: 1]
Come on, give me 20 push-ups.[cite: 1]
One, two![cite: 1]
What is that?[cite: 1]
It's embarrassing as hell. Who is this?[cite: 1]
This girl is pretty![cite: 1]
So cute.[cite: 1]
Why don't you introduce her to me?[cite: 1]
I'll treat her right.[cite: 1]
It's on, then![cite: 1]
Jin Cheol.[cite: 1]
What the hell is that?[cite: 1]
You fat pig![cite: 1]
Hey, pig, get up.[cite: 1]
Let me borrow that bag.[cite: 1]
Kim, aren't we going to stop him?[cite: 1]
Where did he go?[cite: 1]
Did you see a tall guy wearing glasses
and a gloomy black suit?[cite: 1]
A really tall guy.[cite: 1]
Hey, Kim...[cite: 1]
Alright, just go.[cite: 1]
Are you the police?[cite: 1]
There's a fight going on here.[cite: 1]
Yes, a massive fight. Someone is about to die.[cite: 1]
Please hurry![cite: 1]
No. That will kill him.
No, don't do that.[cite: 1]
He should run.
Is he frozen or something?[cite: 1]
Stop it.[cite: 1]
Stop it now![cite: 1]
Officer, shoot something![cite: 1]
- Shoot your gun![cite: 1]
- Gun?[cite: 1]
Shoot anything!
Anything! Hurry up![cite: 1]
Hurry up![cite: 1]
Whose jacket is this? "Kim Nam Hoon"?[cite: 1]
- What are you doing?[cite: 1]
- Who is Kim Nam Hoon?[cite: 1]
I don't know.[cite: 1]
What's wrong with you?[cite: 1]
Have a good day.[cite: 1]
Min Ji is all grown up now.[cite: 1]
Right. She'll get a boyfriend soon.[cite: 1]
Does she already have a boyfriend?[cite: 1]
Hey.[cite: 1]
Do you know where Kim Nam Hoon is?[cite: 1]
I'm not sure.[cite: 1]
I have to return this jacket.[cite: 1]
- You could've just left it on my desk.[cite: 1]
- What?[cite: 1]
You were looking for me, right?[cite: 1]
Oh, I just wanted to thank you.[cite: 1]
- Is that all?[cite: 1]
- Well...[cite: 1]
I can give you this.[cite: 1]
Are you serious? Strawberry milk?[cite: 1]
Am I a kid?[cite: 1]
Did you like my post?[cite: 1]
What?[cite: 1]
I don't use social media.[cite: 1]
Oh, really?[cite: 1]
Then what is this?[cite: 1]
KIM NAM HOON[cite: 1]
Can I text you?[cite: 1]
Yeah.[cite: 1]
Never mind. You have to text me first.[cite: 1]
Hey.[cite: 1]
But you have to reply to me.[cite: 1]
I'll think about it.[cite: 1]
- Why? What's there to think about?[cite: 1]
- What?[cite: 1]
Why can't I think about it?[cite: 1]
You can't do that.
You told me to text first.[cite: 1]
Hye Ri wants to see you.[cite: 1]
Get up.[cite: 1]
Do you know why you're getting beaten up?[cite: 1]
Hye Ri is asking you. Answer her.[cite: 1]
You still don't know?[cite: 1]
How dare you flirt with Hye Ri's boyfriend,
you sly bitch.[cite: 1]
I didn't do that.[cite: 1]
I was just returning his PE uniform.[cite: 1]
In the first place, why did you
borrow his uniform anyway?[cite: 1]
Who do you think you are?[cite: 1]
Why didn't you just wear
your own damn PE uniform?[cite: 1]
Because you guys threw it in the trash.[cite: 1]
Don't worry.[cite: 1]
I have no reason to contact him.[cite: 1]
I don't want anything to do with you guys.[cite: 1]
Hey, I think you're misunderstanding something.[cite: 1]
I'm not mad
because you tried to take my toy.[cite: 1]
It's because of the foul stench on you.[cite: 1]
I'm annoyed because it'll rub off on him.[cite: 1]
She doesn't get it.[cite: 1]
Hold her down.[cite: 1]
Stand up.[cite: 1]
How should I accurately describe this smell?[cite: 1]
It's like a cheap suit[cite: 1]
stuffed deep inside a closet...[cite: 1]
Oh, I know.[cite: 1]
It's the smell of a motherless child.[cite: 1]
Hey.[cite: 1]
- You think you know me so well?[cite: 1]
- You crazy bitch![cite: 1]
Who the hell do you think you are?[cite: 1]
Who do you think you are? Huh![cite: 1]
- Hye Ri, are you okay?[cite: 1]
- What do you think you are?[cite: 1]
Hey![cite: 1]
You think you know everything about me?[cite: 1]
- What the hell do you know?[cite: 1]
- Let go of her![cite: 1]
- Stop![cite: 1]
That wasn't just a scuffle.
It was assault, Mr. Kim.[cite: 1]
Min Ji attacked that girl.[cite: 1]
I'll be right there.[cite: 1]
Please hurry.[cite: 1]
I'm about to blow my top.[cite: 1]
Why did it have to be Hye Ri?[cite: 1]
The father of the girl who was beaten
is the Chairman of Juhak Construction.[cite: 1]
You've heard of them, right?[cite: 1]
Chairman Ju also built[cite: 1]
this hotel, didn't he?[cite: 1]
Yes.[cite: 1]
Back then, my daughter
had just graduated from elementary school,[cite: 1]
about four years ago.[cite: 1]
Oh, I see you have a daughter.[cite: 1]
If she takes after you,
she must be very pretty.[cite: 1]
You flatter me.[cite: 1]
By the way, this is my first time
having a meeting at a spa.[cite: 1]
There's no need to mince words
or hide anything here.[cite: 1]
Alright, so here's the deal.[cite: 1]
Let me just ask you straight out.[cite: 1]
What's in it for me if this
redevelopment project is approved?[cite: 1]
It will provide a better living environment
for your constituents.[cite: 1]
And?[cite: 1]
It will create[cite: 1]
a more favorable environment
for your political fundraising.[cite: 1]
Double what you got last time.[cite: 1]
Alright. Let's work together.[cite: 1]
There must be something in the water.
I feel so much more refreshed.[cite: 1]
I should get going now.[cite: 1]
Take your time.[cite: 1]
Oh my, Chairman Ju.[cite: 1]
What happened to your body?[cite: 1]
It doesn't look very nice, does it?[cite: 1]
When I was young, I impulsively got some tattoos,[cite: 1]
but when I started in business, I regretted it.[cite: 1]
I was embarrassed to show my daughter.[cite: 1]
So I burned them off myself with a blowtorch.[cite: 1]
With a blowtorch?[cite: 1]
Why didn't you go to a hospital to get them removed?[cite: 1]
I saw it as a commitment
to never return to my old life.[cite: 1]
But still, doing that must have been incredibly painful.[cite: 1]
It's nothing compared to what I've done
to get this far.[cite: 1]
The greater pain...[cite: 1]
is when people
don't keep their promises to me[cite: 1]
and just disappear.[cite: 1]
I'm counting on you, Assemblyman Sim.[cite: 1]
Alright, yes, of course.[cite: 1]
Chairman, your wife is calling.[cite: 1]
- What is it?[cite: 1]
- Honey, something terrible has happened.[cite: 1]
Hye Ri...[cite: 1]
Hye Ri was just assaulted at school![cite: 1]
Got it.[cite: 1]
To Hye Ri's school.[cite: 1]
Yes, Chairman.[cite: 1]
You can't go in.[cite: 1]
The Chairman himself told me to come,
you bastard.[cite: 1]
Hey, Nam.[cite: 1]
What's their problem?[cite: 1]
Keep it down.[cite: 1]
The Chairman is inside.[cite: 1]
You told me to come.[cite: 1]
So I came.[cite: 1]
There's a slight change of plans.[cite: 1]
I'll call you back.[cite: 1]
Am I your hunting dog or something
that you can just order me around?[cite: 1]
I thought you knew.[cite: 1]
No, I didn't know.[cite: 1]
I didn't know.[cite: 1]
This hound is leaving.[cite: 1]
Damn it.[cite: 1]
When is he finally going to get here?[cite: 1]
Let's go, Hye Ri.[cite: 1]
How dare he make us wait?[cite: 1]
Sit down.[cite: 1]
At least meet him first.[cite: 1]
What took you so long?[cite: 1]
How on earth did you raise your child
for her to behave like this?[cite: 1]
Look at my daughter![cite: 1]
How can I send her to school now?[cite: 1]
Why aren't you looking at her?[cite: 1]
Take a good look![cite: 1]
I am sorry.[cite: 1]
I've only heard
about school violence and bullying.[cite: 1]
I never thought Hye Ri would be in the same class
with someone like her![cite: 1]
Dad, I didn't do anything wrong.[cite: 1]
She and her friends kept harassing me.[cite: 1]
I held back as much as I could before fighting back![cite: 1]
Kim Min Ji.[cite: 1]
Be quiet.[cite: 1]
But she was the one who hit me first![cite: 1]
You don't believe me?[cite: 1]
Min Ji.[cite: 1]
Mr. Kim, I think
you should come to a settlement with the victims.[cite: 1]
No, forget it.[cite: 1]
I demand a disciplinary hearing[cite: 1]
and want this on her permanent record.[cite: 1]
Dad![cite: 1]
Do you have no self-respect?[cite: 1]
I am sorry.[cite: 1]
I haven't done a good job as a parent[cite: 1]
because I have to raise her alone.[cite: 1]
As fellow parents raising daughters,[cite: 1]
I hope you can
find it in your hearts to forgive us.[cite: 1]
As her father, I will take responsibility,[cite: 1]
and have her transfer schools.[cite: 1]
Dad![cite: 1]
As fellow parents raising daughters?[cite: 1]
Right.[cite: 1]
Raising a daughter isn't easy.[cite: 1]
Especially all alone.[cite: 1]
Growing up without a mother
must be very difficult.[cite: 1]
It's normal for kids to argue and fight
while growing up.[cite: 1]
You've apologized to us,[cite: 1]
so just take care of the school transfer.[cite: 1]
- Dad![cite: 1]
- Honey![cite: 1]
Let's stop here.[cite: 1]
Thank you.[cite: 1]
Min Ji.[cite: 1]
Kim Min Ji.[cite: 1]
KIM NAM HOON[cite: 1]
What does her father do?[cite: 1]
It seems he's just an
ordinary office worker.[cite: 1]
Thank you for your leniency, Chairman Ju.[cite: 1]
Thank you. This
will never happen again.[cite: 1]
Of course.[cite: 1]
Because if something like this happens again,[cite: 1]
this school and all of you will disappear.[cite: 1]
Min Ji.[cite: 1]
Are you hungry?[cite: 1]
Should we go grab something to eat?[cite: 1]
Min Ji.[cite: 1]
Kim Min Ji.[cite: 1]
Why didn't you believe me?[cite: 1]
Of course I believe you.[cite: 1]
Then why do I have to transfer schools?[cite: 1]
I didn't do anything wrong.[cite: 1]
Why did you have to bow down and beg?[cite: 1]
Is it because Hye Ri's dad is powerful?[cite: 1]
I'm so embarrassed.[cite: 1]
I feel angry, frustrated,
and pathetic too.[cite: 1]
What have you done with your life?[cite: 1]
Her dad is a rich chairman
with lots of connections,[cite: 1]
but why are you just a
lowly office worker?[cite: 1]
Why did you even give birth to me?[cite: 1]
Min Ji.[cite: 1]
As your father...[cite: 1]
As your father,
you are my whole world.[cite: 1]
I don't have a mom.[cite: 1]
I only have you,[cite: 1]
but if you don't take my side...[cite: 1]
They are the bad guys.[cite: 1]
You should have been
the one to trust me the most.[cite: 1]
Let's go home.[cite: 1]
I don't want to be with you.[cite: 1]
I'm staying at Hye Ryeong's tonight,[cite: 1]
so don't call me.[cite: 1]
If you call me,[cite: 1]
I'm running away from home.[cite: 1]
Min Ji.[cite: 1]
Tomorrow is your birthday.[cite: 1]
Kim Min Ji![cite: 1]
I hate my birthday.[cite: 1]
It's the day Mom died.[cite: 1]
THE LATE IM YU JIN[cite: 1]
This is your favorite flower.[cite: 1]
They call it honeysuckle.[cite: 1]
Its meaning is beautiful too.[cite: 1]
Do you know what it is?[cite: 1]
What is it?[cite: 1]
Love and...[cite: 1]
- devotion.[cite: 1]
- Devotion.[cite: 1]
I'm sorry, Yu Jin.[cite: 1]
I have something to tell you.[cite: 1]
I'll be waiting at the back gate of the school.[cite: 1]
I'll wait until you come.[cite: 1]
DAD[cite: 1]
The number you have dialed
cannot be reached...[cite: 1]
I don't want to be with you.[cite: 1]
I'm staying at Hye Ryeong's tonight,[cite: 1]
so don't call me.[cite: 1]
If you call me,[cite: 1]
I'm running away from home.[cite: 1]
The number you have dialed is currently turned off.
You will be redirected to...[cite: 1]
Hello?[cite: 1]
Is this Kang Hye Ryeong?[cite: 1]
Yes. Who is this?[cite: 1]
This is Min Ji's dad.[cite: 1]
Huh? How do you know
my phone number?[cite: 1]
Min Ji told me.[cite: 1]
Hye Ryeong, is it possible[cite: 1]
that you were with Min Ji last night?[cite: 1]
No.[cite: 1]
So you haven't heard anything from her?[cite: 1]
I'm hanging up now.[cite: 1]
Hello, I'm Min Ji's dad.[cite: 1]
Have you seen her?[cite: 1]
No, she hasn't come to school yet.[cite: 1]
Kim Nam Hoon?[cite: 1]
Did you see Min Ji yesterday?[cite: 1]
I didn't send that message to her.[cite: 1]
It was those thugs...[cite: 1]
I only heard them mention the school's back gate.[cite: 1]
I'm sorry.[cite: 1]
I couldn't do anything[cite: 1]
because they snatched my phone.[cite: 1]
How on earth did you raise your child
for her to behave like this?[cite: 1]
We just have to pretend we don't know anything.[cite: 1]
I told everyone to keep quiet, so don't worry.[cite: 1]
- But who knows.[cite: 1]
- Just trust me.[cite: 1]
I'm not just some average thug.[cite: 1]
Hey, it's all cleaned up.[cite: 1]
See? Even the weather is on our side.[cite: 1]
If someone reported this,
the police would be here already.[cite: 1]
No one will find her.[cite: 1]
Didn't you say her dad is just a pathetic loser?[cite: 1]
- Can I ask you a question?[cite: 1]
- Shit, you startled me![cite: 1]
I'm Min Ji's dad.[cite: 1]
We don't know where she is,
so just leave.[cite: 1]
I never said I was looking for her.[cite: 1]
This is your hair tie, right?[cite: 1]
It fell on the ground.[cite: 1]
I told you to get lost,
unless you want to get beaten to a pulp![cite: 1]
- Is this yours?[cite: 1]
- Damn it.[cite: 1]
Look at you.[cite: 1]
- Your time is really up.[cite: 1]
- I'll ask you one last time.[cite: 1]
- Where is Min Ji?[cite: 1]
- Hey, old man.[cite: 1]
What do you think?[cite: 1]
Huh?[cite: 1]
Do you realize you're dead meat?[cite: 1]
Who the hell do you think you are?[cite: 1]
Think you're special?[cite: 1]
If you're so tough, show it.
Take off your clothes and let's fight.[cite: 1]
Want me to take them off for you?[cite: 1]
Let me go![cite: 1]
Put the gun down.[cite: 1]
Let me be discharged.[cite: 1]
Let me be discharged right now![cite: 1]
We can't do that.[cite: 1]
Commander, you know as well as I do.[cite: 1]
No one is allowed to know
of his existence.[cite: 1]
Code name 66.[cite: 1]
A North Korean defector[cite: 1]
recruited by South Korean intelligence.[cite: 1]
Acted as a double agent five times,[cite: 1]
carried out 17 infiltration missions into the North.[cite: 1]
He commanded the assassination operation
against the North Korean Supreme Leader,[cite: 1]
causing China and Russia
to send tracking teams.[cite: 1]
What the hell?[cite: 1]
Letting someone like him be discharged
is unthinkable.[cite: 1]
If the North finds out he's alive,[cite: 1]
just his existence alone...[cite: 1]
would cause a diplomatic crisis.[cite: 1]
Tell me.[cite: 1]
Where is Min Ji?[cite: 1]
AGENT KIM: REBOOT[cite: 1]
- The law?[cite: 1]
- Who the hell are you?[cite: 1]
I guess...[cite: 1]
I'll just be a defector uncle.[cite: 1]
The government denies
Agent Kim's existence.[cite: 1]
Arm the infiltration team.[cite: 1]
Hey, you![cite: 1]
Is that bastard sleeping?[cite: 1]
In this situation?[cite: 1]
I'm letting you live
only because I believe my daughter is still alive.[cite: 1]
- Dad![cite: 1]
- Is that you, Min Ji?[cite: 1]
I already disposed of her body.[cite: 1]
Translator: Trang Nguyen[cite: 1]